In Foundation 1, I wrote the Video class that encapsulates video information 
with attributes such as _title, _author, _seconds, and _comments. The class 
provides methods like GetTitle(), SetTitle(), GetAuthor(), SetAuthor(), 
GetSeconds(), SetSeconds(), GetComments(), SetComments(), NumberOfComments(), 
DisplayAllComments(), and DisplayVideoInfo() for accessing and modifying these 
attributes, calculating the number of comments, and displaying comprehensive 
information about each video. The Comment class, with attributes _name and 
_textComment, provides methods for retrieving and setting commenter details and 
displaying a comment with the method DisplayComment(). Everything works without 
any problem.

In Foundation 2, I wrote the Order that class manages order details with 
attributes _products and _customer, offering methods like GetTotalShipping(), 
GetTotalPrice(), GetPackingLabel(), GetShippingLabel(), 
DisplayPackingShippingLabel(), and DisplayTotalBilling() for calculating 
shipping costs, generating labels, and displaying comprehensive billing 
information. The Product class encapsulates product attributes such as 
_productId, _name, _price, and _quantity, with corresponding methods for 
retrieval, modification, and calculating total prices. The Address class 
encapsulates attributes related to customer addresses, providing methods to 
check if an address is in the USA and retrieve the full address. The Customer 
class associates a customer with an address and offers methods for managing 
customer details, checking if the customer is from the USA, and retrieving the 
full customer address. Also, in this Foundation everything works without any 
problem.

What remains to be completed: Foundation 1 and Foundation 2 work properly 
without problems. For that reason, I need to create the classes with their 
respective attributes and behaviors for Foundation 3 and Foundation 4 to finish 
the final project. I will focus this week on doing that.